{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Hack 4 Change Nashville Ideas
\b0\fs24 \
\
Here are some links to resource to help you think of an idea\
http://www.hackforchange.org/datasets\
\
National Challenges\
http://www.hackforchange.org/challenges\
\
\

\b\fs30 Local Challenges and Ideas
\b0\fs24 \
\

\b Autism apps & services
\b0 \
Proposed by: Abe Music & Dr. Amber Music\
Rate of austism diagnosis is skyrocketing. 5-8 years for diagnosis, 8 months to see a doctor, one to two year waiting lists for therapy. She provides therapy and trains parents, teachers on how to cope with autism. Scheduling wide variety of consultations with time demands (40-50 hours a week) while providing consistency of care is a nightmare. Resource coordinators are very expensive and hard to come by. An application might be able to provide this service more easily and less expensively, they could bring it in as app on their iPad. Needs a treatment log and a calendar. HIPAA applies, needs a confidentially notice and a digital signature to consent to providing info. Graphing data on efficacy of sessions for accountability reporting to parents. Distribute to schools, parent support groups, easy to distribute to market. Give the app away for free, within the app, therapists would like to advertise.\
\

\b Leftovers for Life
\b0 \
Proposed by Simon Carr\
The idea originated with getting leftovers into the hands of the homeless, but to many issues were identified and the idea morphed into the following options:\
1) Pay-it-Forward system of give ten bucks to a restaurant, the next guy who comes in who needs a meal can use the credit.\
2) Use social networks to coordinate redistributing leftovers amoungst friends.\
3) Logistic app for coordinating Meals on Wheels and other service similar to that. \
4) Donor portal, maybe working with Hands on Nashville, to coordinate when non-profit has needs for donations, non-monetary. Allow people to subscribe through SMS, email and to specific non-profits. \
\

\b Urban Plots
\b0 \
Proposed by Amber Music & Amber Adams\
Develop a mapping system to identify the surplus land available for charity gardening required to be disclosed by the Commissioner of Agriculture (State says they have a list of this property now, didn't a year ago)\
\

\b State RFP Portal
\b0 \
Vendor portal for contract bidding. As noted on the one-sheet, another state has saved $3M by implementing a more efficient, online process for advertising, receiving, and processing vendor contracts. State procurement is interested in pursuing this. Other hack events (such as Texas) have done this already, might be able to shorten the curve by using their work\
\

\b Entrepenuer Portal
\b0 \
The Haslam administration is interested in developing a single portal to guide entrepreneurs and other small business owners through the necessary paperwork and regulations applicable to their companies. This could be launched on a CMS with a simple form to continue to expand resources on the site beyond the event.\
\

\b Business Codes Directory
\b0 \
The State codes businesses of common type state-wide and might like to publish this data in a form more easily accessible to other businesses and clients. There is a fear that publishing the data might invite poaching from other states.\
\

\b Load Health Scores into Yelp
\b0 \
Yelp has opened their system to allow cities to import their health scores to be displayed along with the restaurant. This challenge would simply create a recurring script to take those scores and dump them into Yelp.\
\

\b Amber Alert Upgrade
\b0 \
Extend to allow reporting of missing persons via portal or SMS and display on a visual map. \
\

\b Inclusivity Index
\b0 \
Central to the goal of achieving a more equitable and inclusive Nashville is understanding and quantifying the challenges and disparities facing Nashvillians. The hallmark task, therefore, is to strengthen Nashville\'92s capacity to track and promote public awareness of trends that slow Nashville\'92s progress toward greater social inclusion. By tracking such trends, Nashville becomes empowered and enabled as an advocate for the marginalized to initiate policies and programs for combating disparities and promoting equity. Similarly, if Nashville is to envision and plan for a more equitable city in 2040, we must identify where inequity exists and persists in our government, neighborhood development, infrastructure, and public services. By developing a framework and analysis of equity and inclusion, we may then better record successes, identify action areas, guide our future development decisions, and evaluate our progress. At this time there is no exhaustive analysis or store of data that provides a picture of equity and inequities in Nashville.\
\

\b English Class Database
\b0 \
Many organizations offer English classes to our immigrant and refugee populations across the city. However, there is not a comprehensive list of all these organizations nor is there up-to-date information on when classes start, what classes are being offered, where the classes take place, if there are costs, etc. Therefore, it\'92s up to each potential student to find a place that suits them by, first, trying to identify the places that offer classes, and, then, checking with each one to see if their classes suit the student\'92s needs. It\'92s inefficient and makes the process for people wanting to learn English that much harder. The database would also be utilized by the organizations offering the classes. Clearly, they would use it to post their own information, but they would also use it to find referrals for people whose needs would not be met by the classes that organization offers. This service is sorely needed in Nashville and would help thousands of people access services and many nonprofit organizations better deliver their services.\
\

\b Early Detection System
\b0 \
To help supplement the loud sirens that go off when tornados and other events are happen to warn people, setup a system that can be subscribe to via SMS and/or mobile app that would send alerts to phones and other devices. \
\
\
 }