{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16960\viewh13340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 Hack for Change - Nashville 2013
\b0\fs24 \

\fs30 Site Content
\fs24 \
\
Twitter Hash\
Twitter Account hack4changenash\
\

\b Site Map
\b0 \
\
Home\
  |\
  \'96 Schedule\
  |\
  \'96 Before you Hack\
  |\
  \'96 FAQ\
  |\
  \'96 Code of Conduct\
\

\b General Info
\b0 \
When: June 1 & 2\
Where: TBA \
	Directions\
\
\

\b Home Page
\b0 \
\
On June 1-2, 2013, Tennessee citizens, software developers, and entrepreneurs will volunteer in Nashville to build new solutions using publicly-released data and code to solve challenges relevant to our State and local community. Nashville is one of 80 various events taking place simultaneously across the country as part of the National Day of Civic Hacking.\
\
The two days will be organized as a hackathon with a focus on building new technologies that aim to better the civic community of Nashville with prizes being awarded for the crowd voted favorite project. \
\
Designers, developers and entrepreneurs are all needed to participate. It's also encouraged to do some planning before attending the event. We've even put together some planning resources on the "Before you Hack" page to help spark ideas and show what resources are available. \
\
Make sure to register so we know how many lunches we need to provide. \
\

\b Schedule\
\

\b0 Sat\
8 am - Door Open & Breakfast\
9 am - Introduction and Kickoff\
Noon - Lunch\
6 pm - Dinner\
\
Sun\
8 am - Breakfast\
Noon - Lunch\
6 pm - Finish Coding\
6:30 - Presentations & Awarding\
\

\b Before you Hack
\b0 \
Resources will be coming soon. \
\
Resources\
(list) \
\
Ideas and Current Needs\
(list)\
\

\b FAQ
\b0 \
Q. What is Hack for Change Nashville and the National Day of Civic Hacking?\
\
A. National Day of Civic Hacking, and subsequently Hack for Change Nashville, is a national initiative to promote transparency, participation and collaboration between governments and citizens.\
\
Q. Who can participate in Hack for Change Nashville?\
\
A. Anyone can participate in any National Day of Civic Hacking event, throughout the country. To have a successful event, we are going to need people from all backgrounds, with a broad range of skills. We'll need engineers, technologists, scientists, designers, artists, educators, students, entrepreneurs -- anyone who has a passion for changing their community and is willing to contribute.\
\
Q. Can my company or organization get involved? How?\
\
A. Absolutely! We're looking for help in the following areas:\
 - Contribute data, code, or a challenge to support the event.\
 - Support the planning of Hack for Change Nashville by contributing resources or funding.\
 - Promote Hack for Change Nashville and encourage subject matter experts, employees, and citizens to participate.\
 - Attend Hack for Change Nashville on June 1-2, 2013!\
\
Q. Can city, state and federal government help?\
\
A. We are looking for city, state and federal government agencies who are interested in supporting events in their communities around the nation. Support by government and/or city leadership may include:\
 - Contribute data, code, or a challenge to support the event.\
 - Promote Hack for Change Nashville and encourage subject matter experts, employees, and citizens to participate.\
 - Attend Hack for Change Nashville on June 1-2, 2013!\
\
Q. When is Hack for Change Nashville taking place?\
\
A. Hack for Change Nashville will be taking place simultaneously as dozens of National Day of Civic Hacking events around the country on June 1-2, 2013.\
\
Q. I hear about "hackers" in the news. Isn't hacking bad?\
\
A. To us, a hacker is someone who uses a minimum of resources and a maximum of brainpower and ingenuity to create, enhance or fix something. Although in some circumstances it is used in a negative sense, the term is not inherently negative, nor does it even have to be related to technology.\
\
Q. How can I contact you for more information?\
\
A. Looking to sponsor? Help organize? Volunteer your skills? Or, perhaps you're just looking for more information. Whatever the case is, go ahead and send us an email.\
\

\b Code of Conduct
\b0 \
Hack for Change Nashville has adopted the PyCon Code of Conduct. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://us.pycon.org/2012/codeofconduct/"}}{\fldrslt https://us.pycon.org/2012/codeofconduct/}}\
\
Hack for Change Nashville is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of Hack for Change Nashville participants in any form.}